We finished our work in the app workspace and now we don't want to collaborate anymore but we want
to share the results with other colleagues,
how can we do this?
Well this is our starting point.
So we are in Power BI service,
we have our dashboard with the visualization and we have the report and the dataset.
Now we want to share this and this can be done by publishing our app,
we will see how this works.
Additionally I want to show you something else, we talked about that when we had a look at the report,
I talked about that publish to web feature.
I also will show you this so that you can publish your report visualizations immediately with a direct
link that is accessible in the browser.
Now having said that, let's start in the next video.